2.1 Source
	The paper we have used for replication is from the list of Gilad Feldman papers offered form the course, specifically titled Agency Beliefs Over Time and Across Cultures: Free Will Beliefs Predict Higher Job Satisfaction, written by Gilad Feldman, Jiing-Lih Farh, and Kin Fai Ellick Wong. This paper dives into the meanings of free will, and takes several studies examining its correlation with job satisfaction as the primary factor, but also includes ideas in regards to psychological well being and international perspectives. Our reproduction seeks to focus on two different findings made from the original paper and apply a holistic lens to it. 
	The two claims we are focusing on are as follows: (1) Is there a positive or negative relationship among free will and job satisfaction? (2) Something about age 

2.2 Methodology 
	This paper is replicating the data that was originally studied for the (2018) paper Agency Beliefs Over Time and Across Cultures: Free Will Beliefs Predict Higher Job Satisfaction. The first study takes Taiwanese real estate agent’s job satisfaction into account and conducted the study in 54 branch offices of a public real estate company based in Taiwan. They then proceeded by distributing the surveys to agents in each of the branch in two different times, once every 3 months for a total of 6 months of data. They ended up with 293 surveys to review for study #1. For study number #2, the paper looks into the Amazon Mechanical Turk (MTurk) American Worker’s Job Satisfaction. The study was conducted by in two different sections, in which they were able to survey a total of 209 American participants. After this initial study was done, the same group was invited to conduct a follow up survey six months later, and took in responses over a 15 day period. Out of the 209 initial participants, only 137 of them conducted the follow up survey. And for the final study, contrary to the first two where they directly went to a group and surveyed them; they surveyors used previous data from the World Value Survey (WVS) which was data conducted between 1990 and 2008, looking into the participants views on free will, job satisfaction, and job autonomy. Over these 18 years the survey received data 257,597 people, and focused on 14,062 participants as they answered questions directly related to our research. Although the total survey took into account people from over 40 countries, for our focus we looked at individuals from 16 specific countries. 

2.3 Features 
	The studies conducted each had their specific variables conducted. For the first study, the survey takes into account age, gender, social desirability of the job, job satisfaction after the first wave of surveys, job satisfaction after the second wave of surveys, and their beliefs on free will. The age range for this study was between 22 to 49 years old, and only took into account male and female genders. The second study primarily took free will and job satisfaction into account. 
