Introduction: 
	Free will is a topic that has different meaning depending on the city or country we are in. For us in North America, the idea of free will is more apparent according to a survey concluding that 60% of Americans believe that they have free will (Scientific American 2015). With recent innovations in fields such as psychology, philosophy, and science, the idea of free will has shifted from what the exact term is, to free will’s affects on human beings. This goes to show the neurological connections with free will, specifically that the way we view free will, will later affect our a variety of our daily decision making (Frontiers 2016).
	There are a variety of factors that shift the outcomes of free will, and in this paper we will take three different studies to help our understanding of free will. The first study we are looking at takes 252 Taiwanese real-estate agents over a three month period, while examining their job satisfaction with free will. The second study takes 137 American workers that are on an online labor market and conduct the same study over a six month period. And the final and largest study takes a sample of 14,062 employees from 16 different countries  and examined their country level moderators. 
	This subject has different meanings in every country, when taking a look at countries outside of North America such as Asia and other western countries, they have different beliefs of free will on average, specifically that it is not as important as North Americans view it (Frontiers 2017). At its core, free will is to what extent or ability we can our own decisions and have autonomy, as well as the outcomes and consequences of our actions. Studies have shown that when free will is present, the population is happier, more positive, and live better, and contrary for countries that do not have free will (Alquist, Ainsworth, & Baumeister, 2013). Now this idea directly relates to careers, as it is something that individuals spend a majority of their time doing, and would prefer to be happier doing it rather than not happy. When you have autonomy and free will in your career, you immediately have a higher job satisfaction, as your neurological decision making is seen in a much clearer manner. 
